Add support for JSON output format (#2863)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/04_reference/cli-options.md

**Environment Variable**: `TERRAGRUNT_DISABLE_COMMAND_VALIDATION` (set to `true`)

When this flag is set, Terragrunt will not validate the terraform command, which can be useful when need to use non-existent commands in hooks.

### terragrunt-json-log

**CLI Arg**: `--terragrunt-json-log`
**Environment Variable**: `TERRAGRUNT_JSON_LOG` (set to `true`)

> When this flag is set, Terragrunt will output logs in JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this flag is set, Terragrunt will output its logs in JSON format.
```

### terragrunt-tf-logs-to-json

**CLI Arg**: `--terragrunt-tf-logs-to-json`
**Environment Variable**: `TERRAGRUNT_TF_JSON_LOG` (set to `true`)

> When this flag is set, Terragrunt will wrap Terraform output in JSON log messages, works only with `--terragrunt-json-log` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this flag is set, Terragrunt will wrap Terraform `stdout` and `stderr` in JSON log messages. Works only with `--terragrunt-json-log` flag.
```
